[Storybook 8] Concepts/Ad-hoc calling Page (#5006)
Azure/communication-ui-library: packages/storybook8/stories/Concepts/AdhocCalling/Docs.mdx

import { Meta, Source } from '@storybook/addon-docs';

import AdhocCallingSnippetText from '!!raw-loader!./snippets/AdhocCalling.snippet.tsx';
import AdhocCallingVoiceAppSnippetText from '!!raw-loader!./snippets/AdhocCallingVoiceApp.snippet.tsx';

<Meta title="Concepts/Ad-hoc calling" />

# Ad-hoc calling

## Overview

A call can be started with a Teams user or a call queue by using their id. You can call a teams user or a Teams voice application
like a call queue or auto attendant. These calls it is important to note can only be one Teams voice application, or multiple teams users. You cannot call multiple
Teams voice applications at the same time.

## Calling a Teams voice application

To call a Teams voice application like a call queue or auto attendant, you need to use the id of the Teams resource account. Check out this [tutorial](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/communication-services/quickstarts/voice-video-calling/get-started-teams-auto-attendant#find-object-id-for-auto-attendant) on how to find
this id. The id of the Teams resource account should be stored in the type of `MicrosoftTeamsAppIdentifier[]` and given to the `targetCallees` property

> of the [CallAdapter](?path=/docs/composite-adapters--page#call-adapter) when creating a call. Now when the [CallComposite](?path=/docs/composites-call-basicexample--basic-example) starts up it will call the Teams voice application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of the [CallAdapter](?path=/docs/composites-adapters--docs#call-adapter) when creating a call. Now when the [CallComposite](?path=/docs/composites-callcomposite--docs) starts up it will call the Teams voice application
```

from the configuration screen. See the following snippet for an example.

<MessageBar messageBarType={MessageBarType.warning}>
  Note: Teams resource account ids linked to a call queue need to be in format '28:orgid:UUID' when used in the
  CallParticipantsLocator. For example, '28:orgid:87d349ed-44d7-43e1-9a83-5f2406dee5bd'.
</MessageBar>

<Source code={AdhocCallingVoiceAppSnippetText} />

The two callback functions `onFetchProfile` and `onFetchAvatarPersonaData` provided at the bottom of the snippet are
for customizing display names and avatars of users, respectively.

## Calling a Teams user

> 

Reviewer: Based on storybook 6 it looks like you are missing a beta banner here
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/523787d2-b936-4203-ab58-73f40a369f73)

Author: I removed the beta banner since ad-calling is not in stable.

Reviewer: Not in stable? Or is in stable?

Author: Sorry typo, it is **now** in stable

Like a Teams voice application, you can call a Teams user by using their id. The id of the Teams user should be stored in the type of `MicrosoftTeamsUserIdentifier[]`.

> This array should be given to the `targetCallees` property of the [CallAdapter](?path=/docs/composite-adapters--page#call-adapter) when creating a call. Like with the bot, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This array should be given to the `targetCallees` property of the [CallAdapter](?path=/docs/composites-adapters--docs#call-adapter) when creating a call. Like with the bot, the
```

Author: Committed your link fix changes. Thanks for providing them!
